Adding decoding async value for `<Image />` 🖼 (#1969)
Shopify/hydrogen: .changeset/funny-rats-sneeze.md

---
'@shopify/hydrogen': patch
---

> `<Image/>` now by default sets the attribute `decoding='async'` to potentially improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<Image/>` now sets the attribute `decoding='async'` by default, to potentially improve performance.
```

Couldn't think of a way to spin `potentially`. I think it's fine to leave it, unless @gfscott has any ideas?

Reviewer 2: I think it's good, but seldom hurts to explain why and link to more detail:

```suggestion
`<Image/>` now sets the attribute `decoding='async'` by default. Async [decoding hints](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLImageElement/decoding) can improve image rendering speed in supported browsers.
```
